# ETL_based-E-business-analytics
Due to the fierce competition that has emerged as a result of the recent establishment of numerous businesses, decision-makers no longer prefer to act logically but rather, after spotting issues, such as whether their choices will be good or bad for the business. The ETL tool is introduced in this paper to aid in the decision-making of upper management and clients. Gathering of E-business site data from various sources and transformed using an ETL tool into a format that is compatible with models. Deep learning models are used to compare costs, evaluate products, and provide the best options, information that benefits both the consumer and the business entity. Customers will see a list of products sorted by comparison, and businesses will see which products customers like and dislike so they can figure out where their products are lacking and fix them. This facilitates business growth and customer-centric product insights, displayed in a dashboard. Effective data visualization in a dashboard requires the use of a business analytics tool, such as tableau, Powerbi, etc. Due to the fierce competition that has emerged as a result of the recent establishment of numerous businesses, decision-makers no longer prefer to act logically but rather, after spotting issues, such as whether their choices will be good or bad for the business. The ETL tool is introduced in this paper to aid in the decision-making of upper management and clients. Gathering of E-business site data from various sources and transformed using an ETL tool into a format that is compatible with models. Deep learning models are used to compare costs, evaluate products, and provide the best options, information that benefits both the consumer and the business entity. Customers will see a list of products sorted by comparison, and businesses will see which products customers like and dislike so they can figure out where their products are lacking and fix them. This facilitates business growth and customer-centric product insights, displayed in a dashboard. Effective data visualization in a dashboard requires the use of a business analytics tool, such as tableau, Powerbi, etc. 
